Release v4.0.0 (#1105)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

### New Features

### Breaking Changes

### New Rules (0)

-

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v4.0.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/compare/<release>...master)
- [capa-rules v4.0.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules/compare/<release>...master)

## v4.0.0 (2022-07-XX)

> Version 4 adds support for analyzing .NET executables. For this a new feature extractor and an updated rule syntax now support .NET features including `namespace`, `class`, `api`, and `string`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 4 adds support for analyzing .NET executables. capa will autodetect .NET modules, or you can explicitly invoke the new feature extractor via `--format dotnet`. We've also extended the rule syntax for .NET features including `namespace` and `class`.
```
